This is my sister Lei Lei.
This is my sister Mimi.
My sister Lei Lei—
She is very caring.
I know that for sure.
One thing that I appreciate about Mimi
is that she has a self-sacrificing spirit.
We love our family.
Yeah.
What I love most about my mom
is that she has a big heart.
And I know that my dad
really, truly loves his family.
Our sister, Sophie, always takes care of you,
making sure you are OK.
Our family is something
that we never want to replace.
To us, it’s a forever family.
But it wasn’t always like that.
We haven’t always been sisters.
At a young age,
I was already in a foster home,
and then Mimi became my foster sister.
We were not treated as part of their family.
We never knew what love felt like.
There wasn’t a bedroom for us.
Me and Lei Lei would share a couch.
Our foster families would leave us
by ourselves at home,
and me and Lei Lei had to take care of ourselves.
And so we were very close together
because we would talk to each other
and just help each other out.
When we would go to school,
we didn’t have school supplies,
so I would steal stuff.
And we didn’t have school uniforms;
we had clothing that was dirty.
I felt like in some way
that with all these experiences
it kind of made me feel like I didn’t care.
I didn’t like authority figures
and didn’t really trust them.
I was lost.
I was confused.
I just did whatever I possibly could
to protect myself.
We have experienced things
that no child should go through.
We found out there was a family
who wanted to adopt us.
I was 12 years old.
And I was nine years old.
One thing that was tough for me was conversing.
I didn’t know any English,
and it was hard for my parents to know how I felt
because I had a hard time
expressing if I was sad or scared.
I had a difficult time trusting.
But they showed us love,
and they hugged us
and just made us feel at home.
As I got to know them better and I got to see
that they truly loved me
and that they truly treated me like their daughter,
it helped me to develop love and trust.
The first time I saw
my mom and dad praying at the dinner meal,
it was very new to me because I never knew
that there was a God.
I had some past experience with religion,
and I didn’t like it.
So when I first saw my mom and dad praying,
I was uncomfortable with it.
They had to figure out a way
to introduce their best Friend,
Jehovah, to us.
They took us to this place
called the Kingdom Hall.
The first thing we felt was warmth and love.
All these friends were coming up
and saying hi to us and giving us hugs
—just super loving toward us.
Dad would give us a notepad,
and he would tell us,
“Draw anything that you understand.”
And so those were our notes.
We would just draw pictures.
They would pray with us,
teaching us how to pray specifically
and to see how Jehovah
could answer our prayer.
We would eat breakfast
every day together and do the daily text;
we would reenact Bible stories.
And we prepared for meetings.
The simplified Watchtower came out,
and it really helped us so much.
I was able to really learn
more about Jehovah and understand it.
And that helped me to give
more comments and draw closer to Jehovah.
A big change for me
was during the 2014 international convention.
Just seeing the love and the unity
between brothers and sisters touched my heart.
That also helped me
to progress toward making
the decision of getting baptized.
Going out in service more—
I think it really helped me
to draw closer to Jehovah
and make the Kingdom feel real to me.
And so that’s why I wanted to get baptized.
After I graduated from high school,
I started to pioneer.
It’s one way to show my love for Jehovah.
I used to just take care of myself,
but I learned to take care of others
and to think of others first.
For us young ones, we should appreciate
every moment that we have with our parents.
Your parents are the best friends
that you could ever have.
Going out in service wasn’t easy for me at first
because I’m actually a very shy person,
but I decided to rely on Jehovah
and started pioneering.
And just recently,
I started commuting to Bethel one day a week.
The important quality
that Jehovah has taught me is love
I felt that love from my family,
from Jehovah, and from my friends.
I learned that it’s OK to love people,
and that’s what you are supposed to do.
You love people and take care of people.
And I feel like my life
is more satisfying and meaningful.
When I meditate and think
about what Jehovah has done for me and Lei Lei,
I don’t have to be afraid.
Jehovah is my “secure refuge,”
because life may change,
but Jehovah does not change.